[Blog] Layer5 Badge Program (#4696)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/blog/2023/2023-08-07-layer5-badge-program/index.mdx

<img src={Playfield} />

### How Can You Earn Badges?

Layer5 badges are divided into two categories, namely <i>Project Badges</i> and <i>Achievement Badges</i>.

<i>Project Badges</i> are assigned by the admin to the user when a user contributes to a particular project.Achievements Badges are the badges that are assigned automatically when a user completes a task like sharing a design, creating a design for the first time, etc.

### Can I Share My Badge On My Profile

Use the badge embed codes.

### Your Layer5 Profile

https://meshery.layer5.io/users

### Your Layer5 Community Member Card

https://layer5.io/community/members

<h2 align="center">Layer5 Badges</h2>

<h3>Achievement Badges</h3>
<div class="badge-grid">
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/bring-a-buddy/bring-a-buddy.svg" /><span>Bring a Buddy</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the users who invite someone to Layer5 cloud.</p>
</div>
<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/raw/master/assets/badges/first-application/first-application.svg" />

>   <span>Application Pioneer</span> <p>This badge isawarded to the Layer5 cloud users when they create their first application.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <span>Application Pioneer</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the Layer5 cloud users when they create their first application.</p>
```

---
title: Layer5 Recognition Program
subtitle: Showcasing Your Achievements as a User and a Contributor
date: 2023-08-02 08:00:00 -0530
author: Layer5 Team
thumbnail: ./layer5-community-playfield.webp
darkthumbnail: ./layer5-community-playfield.webp
description: "Showcasing Your Achievements as a User and a Contributor"
type: Blog
category: Community
tags:
  - Community
featured: false
published: true
---

import { BlogWrapper } from "../../Blog.style.js";
import { Link } from "gatsby";
import Button from "../../../../reusecore/Button";
import Blockquote from "../../../../reusecore/Blockquote";
import { Blog } from "./blog.style";
import { Playfield } from "./layer5-community-playfield.webp";

<BlogWrapper>
<Blog>

> Are you ready to take your open ource journey to the next level? We're thrilled to announce an exciting update for all Layer5 users and contributors – the launch of our brand new badge program! 🎉🎈

Reviewer 2: source

  - **Motivation**: Striving to earn badges can serve as a powerful motivator for every contributor. As you earn badges, you'll gain a sense of accomplishment, pushing you to set new goals and bring forth new ideas for the betterment of the Layer5 community.
  - **Community Building**: Badges help foster a sense of belonging among contributors. They encourage collaboration, healthy competition, and the sharing of knowledge and experience. We recognize such individuals as [MeshMates](/community/meshmates).
  - **Resume Boost**: Your Layer5 badges can help you stand out in your resume, LinkedIn profile, and other professional platforms. They serve as concrete evidence of your expertise and your dedication to open source hence helping your personal growth.
 - **Social Media Showcase**: These badges can be shared on several social media platforms! Let your friends, family, colleagues and your bosses know about your contributions, your journey, and your passion for cloud native technology.

<img src={Playfield} />

### How Can You Earn Badges?

Layer5 badges are divided into two categories, namely <i>Project Badges</i> and <i>Achievement Badges</i>.

> <i>Project Badges</i> are assigned by the admin to the user when a user contributes to a particular project.Achievements Badges are the badges that are assigned automatically when a user completes a task like sharing a design, creating a design for the first time, etc.

Reviewer 2: Achievements -> Achievement

</div>
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/community/community.svg" />
  <span>Community</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the community members who repeatedly engage in welcoming, encouraging, and supporting other Layer5 community members. Community members who earn this badge occasionally graduate to undertaking the Community Manager role.</p>
</div>
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/writer-program/writer-program.svg" />
  <span>Writer's Program</span> <p>awarded to the community members who make with two or more published writings whether in article, blog post, project documentation or other form in recognition and appreciation of their efforts.</p>
</div>  
<div>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/meshery/meshery.svg" />

>     <span>Meshery</span> <p>This badge isawarded to the community members who make consistent and impactful contributions to the Meshery project. Community members who earn this badge occasionally become a project maintainer.</p>

Reviewer 3: Meshery

This badge is awarded to the community members who make consistent and impactful contributions to the Meshery project. Community members who earn this badge occasionally become project maintainers.

Author: Perfect! Thank you, @goldfishdolphin. You are most encouraged to "add a suggestion" in the form of a code update. Please do so at-will.

<img width="206" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-11 at 4 05 14 PM" src="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/assets/7570704/ea62125e-2743-46aa-96f5-bbffbd2d615e">

 - **Social Media Showcase**: These badges can be shared on several social media platforms! Let your friends, family, colleagues and your bosses know about your contributions, your journey, and your passion for cloud native technology.

<img src={Playfield} />

### How Can You Earn Badges?

Layer5 badges are divided into two categories, namely <i>Project Badges</i> and <i>Achievement Badges</i>.

<i>Project Badges</i> are assigned by the admin to the user when a user contributes to a particular project. Achievement Badges are the badges that are assigned automatically when a user completes a task like sharing a design, creating a design for the first time, etc.

### Can I Share My Badge On My Profile

Use the badge embed codes.

### Your Layer5 Profile

https://meshery.layer5.io/users

### Your Layer5 Community Member Card

https://layer5.io/community/members

<h2 align="center">Layer5 Badges</h2>

<h3>Achievement Badges</h3>
<div class="badge-grid">
<div>

>   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/bring-a-buddy/bring-a-buddy.svg" /><span>Bring a Buddy</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the users who invite someone to Layer5 cloud.</p>

Reviewer: @thisiskaransgit or @gopivaibhav Will you please replace this and other badge raw links with https://badges.layer5.io/assets/badges/bring-a-buddy/bring-a-buddy.svg according to badge?

Author: This is the one instance in which we'll be using the PNGs.

Author: Actually, this needs to be converted to read from files / data file.

Reviewer: Okay. :ok_hand:

</div>
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/smp/smp.svg" />
  <span>Service Mesh Performance</span> <p>This badge isawarded to the community members who make consistent and impactful contributions to the Service Mesh Performance project. Community members who earn this badge occasionally become a project maintainer.</p>
</div>
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/community/community.svg" />
  <span>Community</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the community members who repeatedly engage in welcoming, encouraging, and supporting other Layer5 community members. Community members who earn this badge occasionally graduate to undertaking the Community Manager role.</p>
</div>
<div>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/writer-program/writer-program.svg" />

>   <span>Writer's Program</span> <p>awarded to the community members who make with two or more published writings whether in article, blog post, project documentation or other form in recognition and appreciation of their efforts.</p>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  <span>Writer's Program</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the community members who make contributions with two or more published writings whether in article, blog post, project documentation or other form in recognition and appreciation of their efforts.</p>
```

</div>  
<div>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/meshery/meshery.svg" />

>     <span>Meshery</span> <p>This badge isawarded to the community members who make consistent and impactful contributions to the Meshery project. Community members who earn this badge occasionally become a project maintainer.</p>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    <span>Meshery</span> <p>This badge is awarded to the community members who make consistent and impactful contributions to the Meshery project. Community members who earn this badge occasionally become a project maintainer.</p>
```

Happy contributing and badge-earning! 🚀🛡️

### FAQ's

**Is there a limit to the number of badges that I can earn?**
There is no set limit to the number of badges you can earn within the Layer5 Recognition Program. Your achievements and contributions determine the badges you receive, showcasing your dedication and skills within the community. 

**How do I share my badges on other social profiles?**
To share your badges on other social profiles, utilize the provided embedded code and direct share functionality. Access your badges from the Layer5 Cloud profile badges section, and then use it to seamlessly post your achievements on social media platforms. This enables you to showcase your Layer5 contributions and milestones to a wider audience. 

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 Embed your Layer5 badges in your GitHub profile
@leecalcote Since I can't update the PR, here is the example
```

![image](https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/assets/92504666/e139be86-2d5b-426a-a841-a22bec16fdfb)

> 

Reviewer 4: Embed Layer5 badges to your Github Profile
Click on any of your badges under the badges section of your profile and select the embed code option, your code will be copied to the clipboard.
```
<code>
<a href= "https://meshery.layer5.io/user/<userid>?tab=badges"><img width="224px" height="224px" src = "https://badges.layer5.io/assets/badges/badge-type.svg" alt = "Badge Name" /></a >
</code>
```
Paste in your badge embed, hit commit, and if all has gone to plan, your board will now be in pride of place on your GitHub profile page!
